Update the docs and formatting (#544)
playframework/play-slick: docs/manual/working/scalaGuide/main/sql/slick/PlaySlick.md

slick.dbs.default.db.url="jdbc:h2:mem:play"
```

> First, note that the above is a valid Slick configuration (for the complete list of configuration parameters that you can use to configure a database see the Slick ScalaDoc for [Database.forConfig](http://slick.typesafe.com/doc/3.3.2/api/index.html#slick.jdbc.JdbcBackend$DatabaseFactoryDef@forConfig%28path:String,config:com.typesafe.config.Config,driver:java.sql.Driver,classLoader:ClassLoader%29:JdbcBackend.this.Database) - make sure to expand the `forConfig` row in the doc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, note that the above is a valid Slick configuration (for the complete list of configuration parameters that you can use to configure a database see the Slick ScalaDoc for [Database.forConfig](https://scala-slick.org/doc/3.3.2/api/index.html#slick.jdbc.JdbcBackend$DatabaseFactoryDef@forConfig%28path:String,config:com.typesafe.config.Config,driver:java.sql.Driver,classLoader:ClassLoader%29:JdbcBackend.this.Database) - make sure to expand the `forConfig` row in the doc).
```
